update artifactory store to allow anonymous access (#1011)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/core-concepts/projects/configuration/stores.mdx

Reviewer: Update this too:

```
  <dt>`stores.[store_name].options.access_token (optional)`</dt>
  <dd>An access token used for authentication. Set this to `anonymous` for anonymous access. For better security, use the `JFROG_ACCESS_TOKEN` or `ARTIFACTORY_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variables instead. See [Authentication](#authentication) for more details.</dd>
```

The Artifactory store supports using an access token for authentication. The access token can be set directly in the
`atmos.yaml` or via the `JFROG_ACCESS_TOKEN` or `ARTIFACTORY_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variables.

It is also possible to specify the access token as `anonymous` to use the anonymous user to access the Artifactory
repository if the repository is configured to allow anonymous access.

> NOTE: It is not recommended to set the access token in plain text in `atmos.yaml` as it is not secure. Specifying the
> access token via config is allowed so that you can support the use case where you have multiple Artifactory stores
> in `atmos.yaml` and you need to specify different access tokens for each. In this case, you can use the `!env`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Storing sensitive access tokens in plain text in `atmos.yaml` is not secure and should be avoided. However, it's recommended for the `anonymous` use case or when managing multiple Artifactory stores with different access tokens. In such cases, use `!env` to reference tokens securely.
```

Reviewer: We should also update the above:

```
  <dt>`stores.[store_name].options.access_token (optional)`</dt>
  <dd>An access token used for authentication. Set this to `anonymous` for anonymous access. For better security, use the `JFROG_ACCESS_TOKEN` or `ARTIFACTORY_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variables instead. See [Authentication](#authentication) for more details.</dd>
```

Reviewer: See also: ☝️

The Artifactory store supports using an access token for authentication. The access token can be set directly in the
`atmos.yaml` or via the `JFROG_ACCESS_TOKEN` or `ARTIFACTORY_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variables.

It is also possible to specify the access token as `anonymous` to use the anonymous user to access the Artifactory
repository if the repository is configured to allow anonymous access.

> **NOTE:** Storing sensitive access tokens in plain text in `atmos.yaml` is not secure and should be avoided. However, it's recommended for the `anonymous` use case or when managing multiple Artifactory stores with different access tokens. In such cases, use `!env` to reference tokens securely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Storing sensitive access tokens in plain text in `atmos.yaml` is not secure and should be avoided. However, it's recommended for the `anonymous` use case or when managing multiple Artifactory stores with different access tokens. In such cases, use [`!env`](/core-concepts/stacks/yaml-functions/env) function to reference tokens securely.
```
